docs about final and non-final rules (#503)
telerik/fiddler-everywhere-docs: modify-and-filter-traffic/mocking-traffic-with-rules.md

---
title: Mocking traffic
description: "Replay captured HTTPS traffic to effectively mock multiple HTTP sessions in Fiddler Everywhere web-debugging proxy tool."
slug: mock-traffic-get-started
publish: true
position: 15
---

# Mocking Traffic

A typical scenario is when a client, a colleague, or a third party is experiencing a specific issue when loading a web application. The problem is often related to the third-party tools (e.g., specific browser version, added extensions) or a set of specific steps that the user undertakes to result in the observed behavior. With Fiddler Everywhere, the user can easily capture and share the sessions with you for further investigation. Going one step further, Fiddler Everywhere allows you to mock multiple sessions just as they initially appeared.

## Creating and Using a "Mock Traffic" Rule

Fiddler can mock HTTPS traffic captured locally or remotely, for example, as traffic captured by another instance of Fiddler Everywhere and shared as a cloud session or SAZ archive. The following steps showcase how to use a SAZ archive to load and mock the captured traffic (in this case, as loaded from [https://example.com)](https://example.com)).

> 1. Capture the targeted HTTPS traffic or import an SAZ archive (containing the session snapshot) in the Snapshots list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Capture the targeted HTTPS traffic or import a SAZ archive (containing the sessions snapshot) in the Snapshots list.
```
